Town of Salem
Town of Salem is an online game of deception and lying.  ToS 
is based on the Salem witch trials as well as the game Mafia

- Factions
In ToS, there are 2 main factions.  They are the Town and the 
Mafia.  The town do not know who eachother are, and they are 
trying to get rid of the mafia using their abilities.  The 
Mafia know who eachother are, and there can be as much as 
four members of the Mafia at a time.  They are able to kill
one person every night and also have abilities to help the 
Mafia and deceive the town.  There is another faction lurking
about called the Neutrals.  The neutrals have their own unique
goals and have their own unique abilities.  While some can win
with the Mafia and/or Town, some win by themselves.

- Roles
Everyone is assigned a role before the game starts.  All the 
roles have an alignment, which is the summary of the role.  
Some town roles are town investigative.  They use their 
abilities to investigate others to find out if they are 
town or the mafia.  There is also town killing.  They use 
their abilities to kill any evildoers, but they can also kill
town members if they mess up.  Another alignment Neutral 
killing, which win by themselves and any neutrals whose goals 
do not counteract with their goals.  There are a lot of roles
that are fun to play, and some roles are harder to win than others.

- Store and Currency
In ToS, there are 2 units of Currency called Merit points and Town points.  Merit points are earned by playing 
games, whether or not you won or lost.  Town points were like merit points, but after version 1.5.9 of Town of 
salem, they need to be purchased using real money.  You can also get Town points from the daily brew.   You 
can use Merit and Town points in the store to buy avatars, death animations, pets, and other items.  Some
items can only be bought by town points, and some items don't use Merit or Town points, but certain goals to
unlock them.  Once you use something from the store, it will show up in your next game of Town of Salem,
and you can also you your item if it is a consumable.

- Daily Brew
The daily brew is a system that gives you rewards.  Every day, you can go to the daily brew and pour a potion
into the cauldron.  Everytime you pour a potion in, you will get 20 merit points.  It takes 7 potions in order to 
get a reward, meaning it will take 7 days to get the reward.  The reward is anything from the shop excluding 
bundles or goal specific items.   You can also charm your reward with a variety of potions that the Daily brew 
gives you.  They all cost town points, but it can give you great rewards.  If you already own an item, it will not 
appear as a reward for the Daily brew with the exception of taunts and scrolls if you don't have the max of a 
type of scroll.

Gameplay

- Ranked
After completing a certain amount of games, you are able to play Ranked mode.  Ranked games are in 
seasons.  You are also able to gain or lose elo while playing Ranked games if you won or lost.  This is 
basically your score for ranked.  Elo is divided up in 6 sections, Bronze, Silver, Gold, Platinum, Diamond, and 
Master elo.  If you are in one of these elo, you will play against players with the same elo rank and will never 
play against players with higher or lower elo than you.  After a season of Ranked ends, you will get rewards 
based on the amount of elo you have.
