Club Penguin Rewritten
CPR is an online game where you can sociallize with other people and play 
games in it.  You can buy clothing or items, and have fun alltogether.  

<background img src="https://goo.gl/3Pqn86">

1. Intro

- What it is

Not to be confused with Club Penguin Island, this is a game where you can 
hang out with other penguins, and have fun with games or parties.  If 
you're new, you can have a tour with the place to better understand it.

- Events

Throughout the year, CPR will have events and parties.  Some include a 
New Years party, Operation Blackout, and the Water Party.  If you want to 
see a list of parties, go here <!--- link to the CPR wiki ---!>

- Gameplay

There are a bunch of games that you are able to play in CPR.  You can earn 
coins in all of the games.  With the coins, you can buy clothing, items,
and other items.  Plus, you can sociallize with other penguins and assemble
a group to do something like play a band or play a hockey team.

- Rooms and pins.

There are a lot of rooms in CPR.  Some rooms are only accsessed during 
events.  You will find a different enviornment in all of them, and you
will soon remember the names of them.  You can find minigames, parties, 
and pins. Most pins are scattered around everywhere, and expire at some 
date.  You can put pins on your player cards.  pins are usually found 
in rooms, so have fun finding the pins and rooms.

- Coins
Coins are the currency in the game.  You earn coins by entering a code, 
mining, or playing minigames.  Once you earn your coins, you can spend 
them in various ways.  You can buy clothing, furniture, or other things.
You will probably want or need items so you have to earn your coins to 
spend them to get stuff you want.

2. Events and Parties

- Parties

Depending on the time, you might wonder what is going on.  In CPR, there 
are different parties going on that might be relevent today or just for
fun. Whenever an item appears in a party, it might not appear when the
party ends, so it is kinda important.

- Mascots

Mascots are characters in CPR that have appeared somewhere.  For example, 
Aunt Arctic is the editor and publisher of the newspaper, Rockhopper who 
is a pirate, Sensei who built the dojo, and a lot of other characters.
When they are online, you can meet them and get a background and stamps,
elaborated here.

- Others

There might be other events or groups, one famously called the rebel
Penguin Federation.  They might be doing groups, olympics, etc. They
Also have a mascot tracker to tell you when a mascot is online.
If you don't really like that, there might be groups or tours at random 
times.  If you see a band in a room called the lighthouse, you should 
join.

-Newspaper

The newspaper is accsesible from the top left of your computer screen. 
It tells events and can refrence parties or mascots.  The writer and 
pupblisher of the newspaper is Aunt Arctic.  You can send her your 
question, joke, poem, or misc. and she might put it in the newspaper.  If 
you get featured in the newspaper, you will be awarded a blue book.

3. Gameplay and activites

- Minigames

A lot of games are scattered everywhere around the isalnd, and it isn't 
a secret.  When you play the games, you will earn coins once you are done.
With coins, you can buy various items mentioned in the Style category.
All of the games are fun and some are challenging in their own way.
Try to find the location of the game above. (It is probably the best game
for coins.)

- Activites

On the island, you will find other penguins walking around.  Those are
real people who are logged in and want some fun as well.  You can
socialize and assemble bands and groups.  You can dress up and do 
activities as well.

- Stamps

Stamps are earned when you do something special.  For mascots, you 
have to meet them online.  You can't meet them as an NPC and get stamps.
For everything else, just do what it says although parties are in a 
limited time.  If you earn all of the stamps in a game, you will earn
double coins whenever you finish a game.  So if you get 1000 coins, 
you will earn 2000 coins.  This is great when playing aqua grabber, 
the secret game, since you earn a lot of coins from that game.  
Anyways, it is fun to get stamps and you can decorate your stamp book 
with the stamps you get.

- Coins

Coins are the currency of the game. You can get a lot of items from coins.
Furniture, clothing, puffles, they all need coins in order to get. 
It's easy to get coins. One way to get coins is by playing games. Aqua grabber
and mine surfer are probably the best games to rack up coins. Aqua grabber
is kind of slow but generates an enormous amount of coins, shown on the table,
While mine surfer doesn't generate as much, but can be played a lot 
more times than aqua grabber. Mining is another way but it doesn't seem 
fun since you're just mining in one spot repeatedly. Finally, you can 
enter codes to get coins, but that is a waiting aspect so you shouldn't
depend on codes to get coins. Decorate your penguin or igloo with the coins you get.

--------------------------------------------------------------
|Name            | Stamps | Levels | Min coins* | max coins* |
--------------------------------------------------------------
|Aqua Grabber    |   20   |   10   |      1     |    2350    |
--------------------------------------------------------------
|Cart Surfer     |   16   |    1   |      0     |    N/A     |
--------------------------------------------------------------
|Pizzatron 3000  |   10   |   40   |      0     |    375**   |
--------------------------------------------------------------
|etc.            |   etc. |  etc.  |     etc.   |   etc.     |
--------------------------------------------------------------

*they are telling the minimum and maximum coins in one finished playthrough.
**May need more calculation

4. Misc

- Rooms

Rooms are the places in CPR that you can go in. Some rooms are party
exclusive while others are permanent. Some rooms are changed for a 
party. There are some rooms that needs to be unlocked like the hidden
lake or EPF command room. Rooms have their own quirks like mining, 
throwing snowballs, shopping, and all kinds of stuff.

- Pins
Pins are collectable items in CPR.  They are usually found in rooms, but
you can also earn the pins usually when a special event comes.  You 
can put them on your player card, and that is basically it.

- Puffles
Puffles are these pets that roam around in CPR.  You can adopt them in
the pet shop for about 400 coins.  Once you adopt puffles, you can care
for them in your igloo.  You can also buy furniture that cares for your 
puffle for you, cleaning, sleeping, or amusement.  You can also take your
puffle out for a walk, but they will deny if they are in a bad mood.  
The puffles have special dances, and some puffles can be brought to 
certain games and will grant you special bonuses as well.

-Codes
Codes aren't figured aren't in CPR.  They are released on a socal media 
platform like twitter.  You can enter codes in unlock items online
and will get many items like coins, clothing, or other items.

-EPF+PSA
The EPF and PSA are secret organizations.  The EPF is the Elite Penguin
Force that is found by passing a test by getting an invitation from a 
penguin or from finding a secret in a book.  The PSA is the Penguin 
Secret Agency that is the sister organization to the EPF.  You get an 
invitation by finding a secret to the moderator rules.  They both have a 
job of keeping the island safe.  You can do missions and field ops to 
gather medals to buy some clothes.
